hi I'm Jo Guadalupe Woking Ramsey Mazda
today I'm gonna be going over the 2014
Mazda cx-5 bluetooth system to set up
your Bluetooth you simply press the
phone button which is located on the
side of the radio your next prompt says
phone not connected would you like to
connect the phone you hit yes we go to
add new device and now you start your
pairing process on your Bluetooth device
for Android users you simply press your
menu button down at the bottom of your
phone settings Bluetooth scan for iPhone
users you go and see your settings
Bluetooth is your third menu down turn
the Bluetooth on
the device will automatically start
searching once the Mazda comes up you
click the Mazda you get a message on
your audio on your radio screen as well
as on your phone with a set of numbers
you just have to look on your phone as
well as the radio make sure the two
numbers match and you hit pair on your
device and you hit YES on the radio
once you see it connected you're all
done pairing completely now you hit done
would you like to download your
phonebook now yes it ok and now your
phonebook is now and put it on to your
radio screen where you can either call
somebody by clicking the person's name
or also using voice control which is
located right on your steering wheel
this this basically starts all your
operations for your Bluetooth device
this one here is the Hangout button
which end all the operations for your
Bluetooth device once your phonebook is
downloaded to the radio system you can
actually set up speed dials for the
people you call most often and the way
you do that is by hitting the speed dial
button in order to do voice commands
right from the steering wheel you hit
this button me call Mazda comm non-stop
once again I'm Joe water looping thank
you for stopping in with us today come
on down to Ramsey Mazda and see why
we're the number one in Bergen County
and customer satisfaction
you